cristóbal I kill to know how it
developed your conversation with don
Manuel, this is how I do it
ask but I have the whole week
Thinking about it
that was the pleasant peanut in the morning
that was Friday morning and I
hit until almost today Sunday every time
who remembered the conversation and the
things that don Manuel said to laugh at me
to laugh a lot and laugh because now
independence of what we have had
our dimes and diretes is an authentic
soccer character
and of course the best ones then I can
imagine the things he told me about his
dress
We're already going there I hope I laughed
very much he gave me many kisses he gave me
Much hug child spoke to me as a child and
I started by saying taking it from when
deserved children and good lesson manolo
good manolo and his betis end his
shield and his pinder betis shield of his
shield of the betis his first great power in
his jacket and
and the truth is that I had a great time
we all took a while talking about
football and run a lot but it was not
a good time does not find casual
nothing nothing nothing nothing not us with good
I tried and we had to leave it because
because it was also in front of the
confectionery the bell by in the street 7
at 12 o'clock in the morning
from last Friday
of course we had around imagine the
people that we had and taking photos and
finally, the situation was already a
little uncomfortable for both of us and we gave ourselves
hugs many kisses and until next time
come with me and I went too
for the life that we have the offices
close and good another day we talk we keep
speaking way 3 we keep talking
the child that was good until after
hate
with a lot of sevillanía all this has been
said with many sevillanas and that we are going
faster put not fast no longer already
and it said that it does not happen that I did not know very
well but he told me that they had not
returned had not taken the betis since
because I do not know what you told me about the judge
of I do not know I missed the truth is that there
I lost myself in what he was telling me
but he said he had not caught the render
of the betis I do not know what problem of initiated
fact
that is to say in more detail because I got lost
in what he told me in the conversation
but he told me that his
athletic return the judgments I was glad
of which I was glad of everything everything was
has said if you want to see the
diabetes operator
I really like that he has
ordered manuel really
thank you very much clear with seville
he understands perfectly that he was what
yes cristóbal friend thank you very much
for this little while men